is_city = yes
base_tax = 1
base_production = 1
base_manpower = 1
owner = X43
controller = X43
culture = culture_bellakarani
religion = religion_kings_men
trade_goods = salt
add_core = X43
discovered_by = lotr_human
discovered_by = lotr_human_ered_harmal
discovered_by = lotr_human_harshandatt
discovered_by = lotr_human_haradwaith
discovered_by = lotr_human_far_harad
discovered_by = lotr_human_sirayn
discovered_by = lotr_human_chy
discovered_by = lotr_human_mumakan
discovered_by = lotr_human_mordor
discovered_by = lotr_human_near_harad
discovered_by = lotr_human_rhun
discovered_by = lotr_dwarven
discovered_by = lotr_dwarven_ered_harmal
discovered_by = lotr_dwarven_mumakan
discovered_by = lotr_elven_rhun
discovered_by = lotr_elven_mumakan
discovered_by = lotr_elven_haradwaith
discovered_by = lotr_hobbit_mumakan
discovered_by = lotr_orc
discovered_by = lotr_orc_ered_harmal
discovered_by = lotr_orc_harshandatt
discovered_by = lotr_orc_haradwaith
discovered_by = lotr_orc_far_harad
discovered_by = lotr_orc_sirayn
discovered_by = lotr_orc_chy
discovered_by = lotr_orc_mumakan
discovered_by = lotr_orc_gondor
discovered_by = lotr_orc_near_harad
discovered_by = lotr_orc_rhun
discovered_by = lotr_wights_ered_harmal
settlement_building = yes
port_building = yes
outpost_building = yes
